add(mc): new Avocent 8000 monitoring connector (#2960)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-kvm-avocent-acs-8000-snmp.md

|:-------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| WARNING      | Thresholds                                                                                         | 80                |             |
| CRITICAL     | Thresholds                                                                                         | 90                |             |
| EXTRAOPTIONS | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). Toutes les options sont listées [ici](#options-disponibles). |                   |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Serial-Ports" label="Serial-Ports">

| Macro              | Description                                                                                                              | Valeur par défaut | Obligatoire |
|:-------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTERNAME         | Filter by serial device name (can be a regexp)                                                                           | .*                |             |

Author: maybe "serial port name"?

> | FILTERNAME         | Filter by serial device name (can be a regexp)                                                                           | .*                |             |

Author: ```suggestion
| FILTERNAME         | Filter by serial port name (can be a regexp)                                                                           | .*                |             |
```

| --float-precision                          | Define the float precision for thresholds (default: 8).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | --source-encoding                          | Define the character encoding of the response sent by the monitored resource Default: 'UTF-8'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --source-encoding                          | Define the character encoding of the response sent by the monitored resource. Default: 'UTF-8'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

| --maxrepetitions                           | Max repetitions value (default: 50) (only for SNMP v2 and v3).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | --subsetleef                               | How many OID values per SNMP request (default: 50) (for get\_leef method. Be cautious when you set it. Prefer to let the default value).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --subsetleef                               | How many OID values per SNMP request (default: 50) (for get\_leef method. Be cautious when you change this. It is recommended to leave the default value).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| --warning-*            | Warning threshold in percent. Can be: 'user', 'nice', 'system', 'idle', 'wait', 'kernel', 'interrupt', 'softirq', 'steal', 'guest', 'guestnice'.                                                                                              |
| --critical-*           | Critical threshold in percent. Can be: 'user', 'nice', 'system', 'idle', 'wait', 'kernel', 'interrupt', 'softirq', 'steal', 'guest', 'guestnice'.                                                                                             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Hardware-Global" label="Hardware-Global">

| Option               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|:---------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | --component          | Which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'psu'.                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --component          | Define which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'psu'.                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| --filter             | Exclude the items given as a comma-separated list (example: --filter=psu). You can also exclude items from specific instances: --filter=psu,1                                                                                       |

> | --absent-problem     | Return an error if an entity is not 'present' (default is skipping) (comma separated list) Can be specific or global: --absent-problem=psu                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --absent-problem     | Return an error if an entity is not 'present' (default is skipping) (comma separated list). Can be specific or global: --absent-problem=psu                                                                                          |
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Load" label="Load">

| Option     | Description                             |
|:-----------|:----------------------------------------|
| --warning  | Warning threshold (1min,5min,15min).    |
| --critical | Critical threshold (1min,5min,15min).   |
| --average  | Load average for the number of CPUs.    |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Memory" label="Memory">

| Option                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|:-------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | --units                  | Units of thresholds (default: '%') ('%', 'absolute')(deprecated. Please use new counters directly)                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: I believe we corrected that somewhere else

Author: I cannot find it :-(

> | --free                   | Thresholds are on free space left (deprecated. Please use newcounters directly)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --free                   | Apply thresholds on free space instead of on used space. (deprecated. Please use newcounters directly)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

Reviewer: ?

> | --free                   | Apply thresholds on free space instead of on used space. (deprecated. Please use newcounters directly)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| --free                   | Apply thresholds on free space instead of on used space (deprecated, please use new counters directly).                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

| --statefile-concat-cwd   | If used with the '--statefile-dir' option, the latter's value will be used as a sub-directory of the current working directory. Useful on Windows when the plugin is compiled, as the file system and permissions are different from Linux.   |
| --statefile-format       | Define the format used to store the cache. Available formats: 'dumper', 'storable', 'json' (default).                                                                                                                                         |
| --statefile-key          | Define the key to encrypt/decrypt the cache.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --statefile-cipher       | Define the cipher algorithm to encrypt the cache (default: 'AES').                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | --filter-name            | Filter by serial device name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: Can we be more specific?

> | --filter-name            | Filter by serial device name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Author: ```suggestion
| --filter-name            | Filter by serial port name (can be a regexp).                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
